hello welcome to the ipfs package -
special interest cool we could catch up
Tuesday 21st of May 2019 I am making
brain on the Internet
I will be your host in the game of what
we did last week blocked on what we're
gonna do next
can I please get a volunteer no ticket
thanks Andrew
okay I'll go first
last week finished the async of weight
conversion for MF s and the important
the exporter was also a DJ and Kampf I
did a demo of NPM one IGFs on stage and
that went really well I actually did it
offline because there's a weird little
exclusion zone of Wi-Fi around the
podium like in the audience but Wi-Fi
was perfect and the mini step on stage
no IP address I think I've been running
it repeatedly just to make sure that
it's still actually work which meant
there was no question yeah at first we
say so very everyone was very happy
split some people afterwards they were
very excited I try to you know plug that
placate APR and I hope that they comment
on the issue and maybe get a bit more
attention to that and get that merge
yeah but yeah that's still ongoing so
next up is look at the performance of
the async/await refactor more
specifically for package manager is to
try and update and like it NPM unlike
the first barrel of update video so he
first version undependable
I've got access to ECS now so I can
deploy on a scalable cluster rather than
just like one machine that's prone to
falling over occasionally so that's
going to be super good I will say let's
start talking about bringing
MPM in a box to ipfs camp
using quite nice so you know I did the
first thing of any good project and
bought a bunch of hardware and that
turns up and we'll see where that goes
cool that's gonna be me does anyone have
any quest
awesome Andrew over to you sorry I only
just finished writing my own notes in
the grip pad um I have been doing two
different things I guess mostly I
finished off the writing up my research
into more decentralized publishing work
kind of come up with a couple of terms
around making resolution resilient to
availability problems in individual
registries whether that be someone
deleting something or the registry no
longer being available or you being
offline or behind a corporate firewall
that's linked up with about some of
those topics a little bit more I also
then did some brainstorming on what
decentralized publishing on MPM would
look like so from kind of the initial
steps basically trying to take
everything that alex has already been
doing as part of the packet a patch and
say like well from basic starts where
does that lead you which then I actually
kind of like went through and tried to
do and try to publish something myself
today and to reuse it from level one to
four turns out level three is completely
wrong and does not work in the way that
we expect at all you can't pass a pack
you meant to npm install it doesn't
accept it you have to you have to set up
what is essentially like a very simple
thing that pretends to be a registry and
pass it as the registry flag if you try
and pass anything that isn't just a name
to npm install or you put it in your
package jason and say NP install from my
package jason if it looks like a URL or
a git path like a URL identified to a
git resource or a local file path it
will basically always expect there to be
a package jason in whatever it gets back
so if you give it the URL to a packer
meant it goes oh there's no package
jason here this doesn't work i wasn't
expecting the adjacent i was expecting
to get an archive of a single release so
I literally just posted
two minutes before they call my
investigation and a rework of level
through
for and that works really nicely there's
some tolling we could build around it
that would basically allow for either
taking small chunks of the MPM on ipfs
mirror from upstream and bringing them
down locally or to be able to publish
your own single patch mints in a simple
form onto your local gateway and to be
able to use them in then have other
people be able to use them also had some
calls regarding the NPM and ipfs roadmap
the ipfs camp and I've got a couple more
of those
I think a couple I want to say
coming on Friday and I also have yet to
get round to merging all of the issue
documentation stuff in the package
managers repost I definitely want to get
that done and other than that I'm fairly
open so if anyone wants to try and put
something on my plate that needs
investigating otherwise I will go and I
have not thought too much about what
else I'll be up to this week
that's about me Jessica like you I just
finished taping in what I did this week
yeah honestly not a tremendously
productive week I apologize we cleaned
up the github labels finally got rid of
waffles automatic in progress thing
because waffle is dead if any of you are
interested in the what replaces waffle
discussion hit me up and I can point you
toward a long series of comments and a
github issue all right Andrew I will
find those for you and send it to you
yeah your notes aren't showing up in the
crib pad for me by the way oh crap I
just put them in 11th February all right
does anybody else wanna go while I paste
those into the new crib or by the last
one Jim okay a whole lot updates I guess
over in I guess ipfs in web browsers
land and still experimenting with web
package and I enhance that it's not
quite a demo yet but I've got like a
little web extension that that
intercepts when you click on things in
the domain and it loads websites that
have been distributed using this HTTP
signed exchanges which is a google
chrome feature yeah and so it's pretty
neat but there's a tricky thing Niroula
is a demo because I have to keep
purchase I'd have to publish an
extension and all sorts of things so I
might just do that but it's a lot more
work to get it to a point where I can
show it to people so sounds cool looks
good now just brandita alright I don't
even know where I found that link to
February I thought so
yeah refactor the github labels a bit if
anybody cares to know about the
replacement for a waffle discussion if
that is a route that thread is relevant
to any of your interests let me know and
I can show you in the direction of that
discussion sort of an interesting one
a few minor edits to the the cladistics
tree diagram the next step on Andrew you
had a good point about seeing how that
overlaid with here integration levels
they've been talking about this week did
a little work with personas rewrote the
readme for unhuman FS thank you I think
Alex you merge that somebody somebody
merged that
thank you Vincent talks about the road
maps in the ipfs camp which will
continue doing moves to angry cats 2,000
miles and this week again just want to I
think my big focus this week is whatever
I can do to help facilitate all of us
figuring out what we want to do visa Vee
NPM and ipfs or some other thing for the
camp and sort of a more immediate sort
of tactical roadmap for the next two
months I think is probably the most
important thing to figure out this week
one other thing I forgot to mention I
also collated a long list of package
manager related academic papers half of
them I already collected and stored
locally in some notes and then I was
going through and for me like ah this
would be useful to other people it turns
out very useful lots of people on
Twitter seem to yeah I have not read all
of them some of them are rather in-depth
something one other thing for next week
as well Monday it's a holiday in the UK
well yeah I think the spring to spring
do the Ottomans a week once updates we
hover we have a new toy that's cool
sorry I didn't catch the last bit I just
wonder if you were into juice yourself
and say you know anything about package
manager ISM no I'm just joining in
because I'm interested in the work that
you're doing and so I think the use case
of publishing snapshots versions of
software and then depending on the cheap
shots and keeping the pendulum depending
on it even though it's free might have
deleted it those kind of situations if
they could be really nice
I guess you need to make sure there's a
good amount of kind of long-term
archiving effort to keep those things
there it's easy to to do the ad but
there's not necessarily always going to
be someone connected that has all of
those old archives but maybe foul coin
will eventually encourage people to keep
those things around well and you can
make the responsibility to keep a hold
of those things your own responsibility
like without becoming the authority
source you can make sure it's the things
you care about stay aligned and I think
that's so beautiful
yeah I definitely agree that it feels
like there's a lot of people expect
someone else to be responsible for their
own open source packages and encouraging
people to take a little bit more
responsibility without it being as long
as it's not painful to do if it's easy
then I think a lot of people and
businesses already do this they
recognize the risk and they will buy
into price Oh
waiting for them but there's no reason
why individuals and
smoothly the same thing
yeah I'm not topic I just think there's
a broad areas UX research that that
probably falls on our what we're we're
we're working it both health indicators
and like how can you be how can you
communicate to the user that you know
the content that they can use today they
can use tomorrow or can they rely on it
to be available into the future
amazing in my case I declare this weekly
catch-up of the pocket punch a special
interest group closed or I'll see you
all in the Internet
bye